Added CSS styling (#18546)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/organizationalbrandingproperties.md

| customAccountResetCredentialsUrl | String | A custom URL for resetting account credentials. This URL must be in ASCII format or non-ASCII characters must be URL encoded, and not exceed 128 characters. |
| customCannotAccessYourAccountText | String | A string to replace the default "Can't access your account?" self-service password reset (SSPR) hyperlink text on the sign-in page. This text must be in Unicode format and not exceed 256 characters. |
| customCannotAccessYourAccountUrl | String | A custom URL to replace the default URL of the self-service password reset (SSPR) "Can't access your account?" hyperlink on the sign-in page. This URL must be in ASCII format or non-ASCII characters must be URL encoded, and not exceed 128 characters. <br/><br/>**DO NOT USE.** Use **customAccountResetCredentialsUrl** instead. |

> | customCSS | Stream | CSS styling that appears on the sign-in page. The allowed format is .css format only and not larger than 25KB. |

Reviewer: nit
Apso apply to the child resource docs
```suggestion
| customCSS | Stream | CSS styling that appears on the sign-in page. The allowed format is `.css` format only and not larger than 25 KB. |
```

  "favicon": "Stream",
  "faviconRelativeUrl": "String",

>   "headerBackgroundColor": "String",

Reviewer: Also add the two other properties to the JSON representation
Also apply to the child resource docs

Author: done
